we will now see the preparation process
of Tami's sticky rice
here she's soaking some glutinous rice
in plain water
she takes out the rice
and add some Aegina
some salt
and vegetable on she mixes the entire
stuff
she puts some soaked red lentil in a
frying pan with some more salt some
Aegina again and now it's time to fry
the stuff
here she is marinating the meat which
has already been boiled and softens she
uses some oil and salt and some pepper
also some soya sauce goes into it
the heroes of bamboo leaves soaking in
fresh water she's arranging the leaves
in a boat like shape the rinsed
glutinous rice goes inside the leaves
and so does the fried lentils
and finally the marinated meat some more
rice to cover up the stuff
she covers up the entertain
this process is taste of patience on the
part of the cook then ties it up with a
thread
all the rapping are put inside the
pressure cooker for approximately 20
minutes
looks like our dish is ready don't go by
the frail frame of the small woman it is
actually her cooking
that defines our table you don't think
the bamboo leaves are for eating folks
you have to untie them and take out the
start from the inside to be serve with
some proving odds of rain soon